---
layout: default
lang: en
title: info
description: My Fair Italy - informations
keywords: San Miniato, Toscana, Italia, informations
---

h2. Useful Infos

My Fair Italy di Feel Italy s.n.c.
Tour Operator and Travel Agency
via 25 Aprile 1A, San Miniato (Pisa).

Authorization of the Province of Pisa dated 26th March 2010. Technical Director: Fabio Aquinati
Insurance coverage n.27041 with Europ Assistance according to the Italian Legislative Decree 111 dated 17th March 1995.

h3. travel contracts and responsability

Travel contracts are under the law 27.12.77 n.1084 of the International Convention about travels (C.C.V.) signed in Bruxelles on 23rd April 1970, and under the directive 90/314/CE and under the Decree Law 17.03.95 n.111 on actuation n. 90/314/CE regarding travels, holidays and the all inclusive activities.

h3. beginning and end of stay

In the price list for each room or apartment accommodation has been reported the entry and the exit time within which the stay must start and end. Normally the accommodations are available from 7 p.m. of the entrance day to 10 a.m. of the departure day. If any problem occur to be later than the days or time indicated, we immediately request to inform our agency or directly the estate or the hotel booked.

h3. the accomodations

We have selected different kind of accommodations, such as: farmhouses, holiday homes and hotels. Selections and descriptions have been carried out with personal checks and visits, made up directly with the estate owners or the hotel managers, should any change occur after this publication and not known by us, must be immediately pointed out.

h3. the prices

Prices are expressed in Euro (€) and they are per person when referring to the accommodation rooms or per apartment, unless some other specific indications.
Prices include: everything specified in the price list, according to the accommodation either in rooms or apartments. They include all the services mentioned in the list, as for instance: swimming pool use, tennis court, table tennis etc. Prices not include: everything not explicitly mentioned in the price list, they exclude everything not really specified in the price list and always personal expenses as extras, tips, transfers, uses where indicated and everything else not pointed out under: "price includes". Reductions, supplements and special offers: they are applicable only where mentioned. Prices validity: from 1/01/2011 to 31/12/2011.

h3. safe holidays

The client can pay the optional enrolment fee at the reservation time, which includes a special insurance policy for cancellation guarantee, luggage and assistance. All the conditions are detailed on the Insurance Policy page.

h3. in the event of problems

In the event of difficulties or problems during the stay, we urge you to contact immediately our agency on the spot. It is the only way we can attend with a prompt action. Complaints will not be accepted on the return as for duties pertaining to our office and where necessary we will be at the guest disposal. Of course it is excluded everything caused by circumstances beyond our control (for further information see on page of General Conditions).

h3. the excursions

Excursions are on payment. Assistants lead guests along the selected trip making them known about all the details and providing to give them all the information needed. Booking can be made by your agency at the stay reservation time or on the spot by our office every Monday morning. Special week-ends or tours can be booked only in advance in our agency. There is a minimum number of participants for every excursion so time by time each of one will be reconfirmed.
